Unit 1 The digital age: Are we ready?
Section A
Reading the text
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) A 2)B 3)C 4)B 5) B 6)C 7)C 8) A 9)C 10) C
Reading comprehension Understanding the text
1)On the "offline days" from Friday night through Sunday evening, the family is not allowed to play video games or use computers and cell phones.
2)The little devices change not only what we do but also who we are.
3)The author believes that it's impossible for the little "sips" of online connection to substitute for real conversation.
4) We can hesitate and pause and go silent. and we can reveal ourselves to one another through tones and nuances.
5)It can teach us patience.
6)The conversation with trusted others helps us learn to converse with ourselves to be honest with ourselves.
7) The author is a partisan for conversation.
8) We should take some time away from the beeps and rings to evaluate our relationship with technology.
Critical thinking 1)
No, I don't believe it. Online communication helps improve the understanding between people, but it can hardly get people to know each other truly and deeply, because there are still things that cannot be accurately detected online, and we need face-to-face interaction to strengthen the relationship. For example, in online communication, it is difficult to learn about a person's personality, which is important for getting to know a person well. Communicating by text messages, or even audio video chats, cannot give people the confidence that they know the person very well. Also, people tend to hide their true feelings in online communication. More often than not, they just want to show their best side online and are reluctant to reveal what they really think. To conclude, online communication can hardly get people to know each other well.
Yes, I think so. Online communication can provide people with almost the same experience as they have in face-to-face conversation. They can talk to each other through social media and exchange ideas directly online, which can almost substitute for a conventional face-to-face conversation. In addition, online communication has some advantages that a conversation cannot offer. For example, people may be more willing to confess their true feelings online, because there is less embarrassment than in a real conversation.
2)People today increasingly rely on social media to keep in touch with each other, which has both positive and negative impacts on their social skills.
On the one hand, the use of social media can help people get used to interacting with
others. It is easier to find new friends through social media. People also become mor 

active and expressive in their interaction with friends on social networks. On the other hand, social media can exert a negative influence on people s social skills. For example. it can be difficult for them to make a proper conversation by making eye contact with others in their real life. More worryingly, some people might feel awkward and reluctant to communicate face-to-face because of their overuse of social media. In summary, the proper use of social media can effectively enhance people's social skills, while excessive use may lead to problems.
3)
Language barriers will disappear due to the employment of advanced machine translation software.
Advancements in 3D imaging and scanning technologies are making our "virtual presence" a real possibility in communication.
In the distant future, we may be able to communicate by sending our thoughts through a network directly into someone else's brain.
Critical thinking skill 1) B
Language focus Words in use 1)
scenarios 2)alter 3)furious 4)sacred 5)velocity 6)discrete 7)substitute 8)immersed 9)collaborate 10)assessed
Word building
Practicing 1)
dominance 2)
distracted 3)
admittance 4)
retired 5)
reliance 6)
assurance 7)
clearance
Banked cloze 1)
maintain 2)
scenario 3)
immersed 4)
concentrate 5)
obsession 6)
approval )
lure 8)
continual 9)
diminishes 10)
anticipate
Expressions in use 1) plunged into
 

2)in the company of
3)picked up 4)laid out
5)add up to: added up to 6)make room for
7)dumbed down 8)wiping out
Structure analysis and writing Structured writing
Practicing
People fear that smart technology is damaging our cognitive abilities and making us dumb. However, people really do not have to worry about that. In fact, smart technology is actually making us smarter.
To start with, smart technology helps us become more knowledgeable. Thanks to the advancement of smart technology, the amount of knowledge we have access to today is unprecedentedly vast. Smart technology, to some extent, helps build a massive, freely accessible knowledge base, from which we can retrieve our collective intellectual output. Whenever we need to know something, we search the Internet for information. We become more knowledgeable when we immerse ourselves in the world of smart technology.
In addition, smart technology helps us learn better. It helps provide diverse ways of learning and creates better learning experiences for different levels of education. For example, according to some studies, children using the Internet are more confident in learning and perform better with the help of images, videos, and animations. College students take advantage of smart devices to share and transfer study materials. which saves their time and efforts. Also, smart technology benefits self-learning by providing numerous online tutorials and instructions. So smart technology helps us learn more effectively, efficiently, and flexibly.
What's more, smart technology helps us be more innovative. With smart devices serving as tools to handle tasks such as memorization, calculation, and storing information, smart technology frees our mind from all those trivial things in life and leaves us more time to think about more complicated and challenging things. Our mental resources can be allocated to tasks that reauire more creativity and innovation.
Some people worry that smart technology is making us dumb because it has taken over most of our routine tasks. They say that this may affect our intelligence, as with our brain we either use it or lose it". But actually. we still have to make decisions based on the information provided by smart technology. We still have to think about how to improve smart technology to make better use of it. There is no scientific evidence showing that smart technology is harming our cognitive abilities.
To sum up, smart technology is changing our lives and benefiting us in positive ways. Though there may be some negative impacts of using and developing smart technology, making us dumb is not one of them.
Section B
Reading skills Practicing
1)"To start with,..."(Para. 2)"To go one step further,"(Para. 2)"More importantly, (Para. 2)"Likewise, "(Para. 3)"of one kind or another" (Para. 3)"also "(Para.
4)"Furthermore, "(Para. 4)"Then how about "(Para. 5)"In addition, "(Para. 5)"yet another element "(Para. 5)"Aligned with is "(Para. 6)"also "(Para. 7)"When it comes to "(Para. 8)" is akin to "(Para. 8)
2)
Living in the digital world
 

Introduction
"It's true that the digital world has changed our lives in almost every way possible. (Para. 1)
Body
"To start with, do you still remember the days when teachers used chalk, dusters, and blackboards?"(Para. 2)
Change at school
"Likewise, how often do you see children playing games on a smartphone, laptop, or mobile game device of one kind or another?"(Para. 3)
Change in children's lives
"Dramatic changes can also be felt at home. "(Para. 4) Change at home
"Then how about our workplace?"(Para. 5) Change in the workplace
"Aligned with this fashion of convenience is our leisure. "(Para. 6) Change in leisure
"In the everyday practicality, digital technology has also established its credibility in changing our oldfashioned personal life. "(Para. 7)
Change in our personal life
"When it comes to social life, there are now so many social platforms cropping up that it's difficult to keep up with them. "(Para. 8)
Change in social life Conclusion
"As we can see, the digital revolution has changed our lives to such an extent that the way we exist as a civilization has almost completely altered with no point in history for comparison."(Para. 9)
Reading the text
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) A 2)C 3) B 4)D 5) C 6) A 7) D
 

8) B
9) A 10) D
Reading comprehension
Understanding the text 1) C
2) A 3) D 4)C 5) B 6)C 7)D 8)D
Critical thinking 1)
I prefer reading a printed book. Reasons might include: the feel of the paper, flexibility in taking notes, no need for charging, etc.
I prefer reading an e-book. Reasons might include: quick search for information by using keywords, instant availability of books, cost-effectiveness, etc.
2)I think apart from what has been mentioned in the text, there are many other aspects of our lives which are affected by digital technology, such as health care, transportation, and housing. For example, digital tools, from mobile medical apps to artificial
intelligence in medicine, offer real opportunities to improve treatment outcomes and enhance efficiency. They can empower us to make better-informed decisions about our own health and provide new options for disease prevention, early diagnosis of life-threatening diseases. and management of chronic conditions outside of traditional health care
settings. Obviously, digital technology has been driving a revolution in health care. 3)As people have increasingly embraced and relied on digital tools, it's never been more crucial to prepare ourselves for a rapidly changing digital world. In my opinion, we might prepare ourselves in the following two ways. First, given that the effective use of
information and communication technology is essential for successful participation in the digital world. we should improve our ability to communicate with others or access
information by using technology. It is equally important to know how to navigate the digital world safely and responsibly. which is based on our ability to use technology and the Internet in an appropriate manner. To be specific, we should follow the rules of good behavior online, relate well to the people we communicate with over the Internet, and be aware of the potential dangers and avoid them. I believe these will help us engage with the digital world in an effective. ethical. and safe way.
Language focus Words in use 1)
credibility 2)
savvy 3)
invariably 4)
dedicated 5)
practicalities 6)
conceded 7)
flourishing 8)
erase 9)
literally 10)interactive
Expressions in use
 

1) of
2) in
3) up
4)to
5)with
6) in
7)out
8) in
Sentence structure
Task 1
1) It is no exaggeration to say that we are witnessing a fundamental change in the way
people communicate.
2)It is no exaggeration to say that people who speak different languages think
differently in many respects.
3)It is no exaggeration to say that learning a foreign language is essential for success
in today's increasingly interconnected world.
Task 2
1) With the advent of the car and the airplane
2)With the advent of the smartphone
3)With the advent of the digital age
Collocation
Practicing
1)tablished
2)ibility
3)sential
4)art
5)aring
6)iewpoints
7) ceptive
8) lusion
9)tle
10)tivation
11)minished
12)portunities
13)spread
14) se
15)matic
16)anges
17)pletely
18)tered
19)tic
20)ife
21)sist
22)ure
23)folds
24)owly
25)seeable
26)ture
Section C
Stories of China
Understanding




Task 1
1) A 2) A 3) A
Task 2
1）习惯于把钱花在科技上的中国消费者越来越依赖科技解决方案来支付几乎所有事情，从早餐到预订假期。
2）在首都的交通方面，你可以通过叫车服务预定出租车或私家车。
3）如今，中国购物者不必随身携带现金；他们只需要随身携带手机即可。Translation
Translation
Task 1
In recent years, with the rapid development of Internet technology, the Internet economy has become a popular topic. Represented by e-commerce, the Internet economy has become a strong driving force for the development of the Chinese economy. Our government proposes the concept of "Internet Plus", aiming to push for the integration of the Internet with other industries, such as health care, transportation, education, finance, and public services. This will create more opportunities and broader prospects for the development of the Internet economy.
Task 2
1）随着科学技术的迅猛发展，学习领域正在悄然发生一场微妙的革命。学生现在可以通过互联网轻松获取丰富的跨学科信息，这无疑开阔了他们的视野。此外，在线教育平台提供了更灵活的学习方式，允许学生根据自己的步调和兴趣定制学习计划。技术与教育的融合不仅实现了信息获取的民主化，而且还改变了学习体验本身。虚拟教室、多媒体资源、互动工具已成为现代教育的重要组成部分。这些技术进步满足了多样化的学习方式，使教育更具包容性和有效性。在我们探索科技创新时代的过程中，科学、技术和学习之间的协同作用继续影响着我们在日益互联的世界中获取和应用知识的方式。
Unit review Unit test Unit test
Vocabulary 1) C
2)C 3) A 4)D 5) D 6) B 7) A 8)C 9) B 10) A 11) A 12) C 13) B 14) A 15)B
Banked cloze 1)acceleration 2)prevalence 3)employ 4)locating 5)carefully
 

6)converted
7)identity 8)replaced 9)advocates 10)misuse
Reading 1) B
2) D 3) A 4) A 5) A
Translation
1）短视频内容已经彻底改变了数字媒体的消费方式，这一变革得益于我们快节奏的生活方式和移动设备普及率的提高。
短视频内容的兴起可归因于几个关键因素。首先，我们现代的生活方式导致我们对易消化、有趣且易分享的内容需求不断增加。短视频时长通常在十五秒到一分钟之间，完美地满足了这一需求，提供了一种快速且引人入胜的信息消费方式。其次，移动设备和高速互联网的普及使用户更容易随时随地访问和分享视频。这种便利性为短视频内容在网上广泛传播创造了条件。
短视频也带来了挑战和担忧。随着短视频越来越受欢迎，人们担心它们对心理健康造成潜在影响。无休止地滚动浏览源源不断的短视频可能会导致成瘾并增加屏幕使用时间，影响用户的健康状况。内容审核和合理使用智能手机对于解决这些问题和创建更健康的数字环境至关重要。
2)China's vast Internet economy is entering a new stage of development, as the country makes great strides in building world-leading digital infrastructure and exploring various applications of cutting-edge technologies like artificial intelligence. Accelerating the development of the digital economy represented by the Internet has become a strategic choice to grasp the new round of scientific and technological revolution and seize new opportunities for industrial transformation. According to a report released by the Internet Society of China, the number of Internet users in China has exceeded one billion, and that of 5G users has exceeded 650 million, both ranking first in the world. Meanwhile, China's network architecture continues to be optimized, with network quality reaching or even surpassing the level of developed countries in Europe.
 

Unit 2 life stories
Section A
Reading the text
Pre-reading activities Task 1
1) B 2)D 3) A 4)C
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) D 2) A 3)B 4)D 5)C 6)B 7) A 8)D 9)B 10) C
Reading comprehension Understanding the text
1) They told him that they were descendants of Chinese sailors, who had traded with the local Africans and were shipwrecked on Pate several centuries ago.
2)The navigation technology of the Ming Dynasty was much more advanced than that of Columbus'fleet.
3) Because the first Europeans were not really the first people to find the Indian Ocean. Zheng He's fleet had already been to the Indian Ocean, about half a century before those Europeans.
4)From a young age, he started reading books by great scholars, such as Confucius and Mencius.
5) The order was to establish ties with rulers all around the Indian Ocean.
6)Zheng He impressed the rulers with his diplomatic skills and the elaborate gifts he brought them.
7) Because of the war in the north.
8)Zheng He's seven expeditions challenged what humans could do at sea, pushing the limits of their boats size. complexity. and capacity for long-distance travel.
Critical thinking
1)First, Zheng He's expeditions helped develop trade relations between China and the world. His fleet traded China's products for foreign luxuries as well as products for daily use. Second, Zheng He's crew shared Chinese culture with people in the countries and regions they visited. For example, they brought with them Chinese paintings and
calligraphy works, and they alsointroduced the ancient China's dressing etiquette to the local people. Third, Zheng He's expeditions promoted the friendship between China and the world. He visited many countries and established friendly relations with their people. 2) As a college student. I think we should learn from other cultures, and meanwhile make efforts to better present China to the world. To achieve this, I will prepare myself in the following three ways. To begin with, I will work hard to improve my English
proficiency to ensure effective communication with people from other countries. In
addition, I will improve my understanding of China with regard to its rich culture, long
history, etc. so that I can tell accurate and engaging stories of china to friends abroad. 

Finally, I will learn more about cultural differences between countries to avoid
misunderstanding during cross-cultural communication. To sum up, I believe everyone can do something for the cultural communication between China and the world.
3)Zheng He's life story indeed deepens my understanding of the meaning of life. His story illustrates to me that the meaning of life is to constantly challenge ourselves. Zheng He repeatedly challenged himself by spending about three decades sailing between China and the east coast of Africa, which pushed him beyond his limits and expanded his
understanding of the world. The story also shows that the meaning of life lies in our endless exploration of unknown territories in search of possibilities, answers, and opportunities. Zheng He was a great explorer, whose adventurous spirit still inspires us today. Morever, the story highlights that life becomes more meaningful if we make a contribution to our country while pursuing our personal dreams. Zheng He is the pride of China, because of his great contributions to China's progress and the advancement of human civilization. He is a brilliant role model for young people.
Critical thinking skill 1) C
Language focus
Words in use 1)
dense 2)
appointed 3)
escorting 4)
patrolling 5)complexity 6)
expansion 7)
vague 8)
maintenance 9)realms 10)frail
Word building
Practicing 1)normalize; normalise 2)familiarize; familiarise 3)
dictator
4)privatized; privatised 5)
investigator 6)
standardize; standardise 7)
publicized: publicised 8)
summarize: summarise Banked cloze 1)diplomacy 2)realms 3)appointed 4)epic 5)exotic 6)pacts
7)ambassadors 8)expansion 9)forged 10)navigation
Expressions in use 1)in charge of
 

2)viewed as
3) traded with; been trading with 4)take place
5) loaded with 6)set off 7)curious about 8)along with
Structure analysis and writing Structured writing
Practicing
Zhang Qian was a Chinese explorer during the Western Han Dynasty. As a pioneer of the Silk Road, he greatly promoted economic and cultural exchanges between the Western Han Dynasty and the Western Regions on his diplomatic journeys in spite of difficulties and
challenges.
Zhang Qian was born in present-day Hanzhong, Shaanxi, and he later went to the capital, Chang'an, to serve Emperor Wudi.
In 138 B. C. E. Zhang Qian was dispatched to the Western Regions by the emperor with a task of establishing relations with the Greater Yuezhi(大月氏) to counter the Xiongnu(匈奴). Unfortunately, on the way to the Greater Yuezhi, he was captured by the Xiongnu. Held captive by them for about 10 years, Zhang Qian finally managed to escape. After that Zhang Qian continued his journey and eventually found the Greater Yuezhi. However, satisfied with their lives, the Greater Yuezhi refused to form an alliance against the Xiongnu. On his return journey, Zhang Qian was captured by the Xiongnu again, and it was not until 126 B. C. E. that he returned to Chang'an. Though he failed to form a military alliance with the Greater Yuezhi, he became well acquainted with the geography, peoples, customs, and
cultures of the kingdoms in the Western Regions.
In 119 B. C. E. Zhang Qian was sent on another mission to the Western Regions, in order to form an alliance with the Wusun(乌孙)， who lived in the Ili River Valley. In addition to traveling himself, Zhang Qian sent his assistants to visit more places in this area, bringing the Han Dynasty into contact with the kingdoms along the way. In 114 B. C. E., the year after he returned to Chang' an, Zhang Qian died of illness.
Zhang Qian's missions to the west led to the formalization of trade between the Western Han Dynasty and the Western Regions. As a great explorer and diplomat, Zhang Qian is respected for the key role he played in promoting the exchanges between the Han Dynasty and other regions and laying the groundwork for the Silk Road trade network that would flourish in later centuries.
Section B
Reading skills Practicing 1) A
2) A 3)B 4)B 5)B 6) A 7) A 8) B
Reading the text Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) B 2) D 3) A
 

4)C
5) B 6) A 7) C 8)D 9) A 10)B
Reading comprehension
Understanding the text 1) B
2) A 3)B 4)D 5)D 6)B 7)B 8)D
Critical thinking 1)
Experience.
Determination. Opportunity.
Hard work.
Professionalism.
2) For centuries, the greatest thinkers have suggested the same thing: Happiness is found in helping others. Successful people know this better. They know that it is better to give than to receive. By serving those in need, they believe they can help more people and give these people an opportunity to move toward success. Seeing others succeed makes them happy. Thus, helping others is the foundation of their own happiness.
3)It's been a tradition in Chinese culture for people to perform charitable deeds. In my opinion, Fan Li(范蠡) is one of the famous people who can represent the spirit of charity in Chinese history. He was a military strategist, economist, and politician best known for helping the king of the State of Yue to conquer the State of Wu during the Spring and Autumn Period. Fan accumulated immense wealth during different periods of his life, but he gave most of it away to the needy, the poor, widows, and orphans. Leaving sufficient money to meet his family's needs, Fan used up his great wealth to alleviate the suffering of the people during times of disasters. He also taught local residents business skills. Today, Fan Li is admired not only for his legendary success in business, but also for his selfless devotion to charity work.
Language focus Words in use 1)integral
 

2)cherish
3)afflicted
4)Compassionate
5)portrays
6)huddle
7)domain
8) anonymous
9)bleak
10)perpetual
Expressions in use
1)embarked on
2)deprived of
3)turn down
4)be aware of
5)live on
6)share in
7) was stricken by
8)led by example
Sentence structure
Task 1
1) Whether your car insurance rates increase or not, one thing is for certain: It's
important to wear your seat belt when you are in the car.
2) Whether you like your days action-packed or spent at a slower speed, one thing is for
certain: You'1l find your perfect pace of life in our country.
3)Whether people wish to learn Chinese for work or for travel, one thing is for certain:
Chinese is becoming a global language.
Task 2
1) see things as they are
2) understand the world as it is
3) accept people as they are
Collocation
Practicing
1)physically
2)retains
3)vast
1)spread
2)elaborate
3)surprising
1)overwhelming
2)desperate
3)jeopardize; jeopardise
1)long
2)emotionally
3)perpetually
Section C
Stories of China
Understanding




Task 1
1) A 2) A 3) A
Task 2
1）梅兰芳的舞蹈、歌唱等风格多年来赢得了很多赞誉，被誉为梅派。
2）梅兰芳因在剧本、舞台设计、灯光、化妆和服装设计等方面对京剧进行现代化改革的努力而闻名。3）抗日战争期间，梅兰芳留起了小胡子，作为对那些要求他演出的日本人的回应。
Translation Translation
Task 1
The CCTV Spring Festival Gala, since it started in 1983, has become an indispensable cultural consumer product and a prominent cultural symbol in the lives of Chinese people. Although it's hard to satisfy everyone's taste, it should be admitted that the Spring Festival Gala has become a "new folk custom". It is more than a gala: it is a ritual and a symbol, a culture and a label, and an emotion and an event which people entrust their hearts to. With the emerging of new media, the Spring Festival Gala is also advancing with the times to satisfy the increasingly diversified demands of the people.
Task 2
1）莱奥纳多·达·芬奇是意大利文艺复兴时期最伟大的思想家之一，也许也是迄今最多才多艺的人。他是画家、雕刻家、建筑家、数学家、工程师和发明家，因成就广泛而闻名。他的天赋跨越多个领域，为其赢得了文艺复兴大师的称号。莱奥纳多主要作为画家而著名。在其所有作品中，《蒙娜·丽莎》最为有名，而《最后的晚餐》则是历来复制最多的宗教画作。莱奥纳多作品的独特之处主要在于其创新性的技巧和敏锐的科学思维。他的画作大约只有15幅流传了下来，其部分原因是他不断试验新的技巧，所以作品总量很小。莱奥纳多虽然不是多产画家，却是一位最高产的绘图家，他在日记中画满了各种草图、图画和图表。这些笔记通常被称为达·芬奇手稿，记录了他的各种发明、观察，以及他对自己感兴趣的事物提出的理论。莱奥纳多的天赋使他几乎在涉足的每一领域都成了先驱。他的画作，连同他的笔记，在艺术史上贡献斐然。
Unit review Unit test Unit test
Vocabulary 1) C
2) A 3) A 4)D 5)B 6)D 7) A 8)C 9)B 10) A 11) B 12) D 13)C 14) B 15) A
Banked cloze 1)
perspective 2)
inspiration 3)
promote
 

4)
measure 5)
comparison 6)complexity 7)guaranteed 8)failed 9)confront 10)expansion
Reading 1) B
2) A 3)C 4) A 5)D
Translation
1）著名核物理学家于敏毕生致力于国防科技事业。于敏生于1926年，从小就对科学表现出极大的好奇心和潜力。他最终毕业于北京大学。1960年，于敏和一支科学家团队秘密开始了氢弹技术的理论研究。当时，于敏已经是在基础研究领域取得显著成绩的著名科学家。转而从事氢弹研究意味着他不得不过着隐居的生活，放弃原本有前途的职业生涯。面临这种抉择，于敏毫不犹豫。28年来，于敏和他的工作一直是国家最高机密。甚至连他的妻子都不知道他在做什么。为了尽快自主研发出氢弹，于敏和他的团队夜以继日地工作，提出了69篇研究报告，对氢弹的许多基本现象和规律有了深刻的认识。
1967年6月17日，中国成功引爆了第一颗氢弹，震惊了世界。这是在中国第一次原子弹爆炸后的32个月内实现的，使中国成为世界上实现这一进展最快的国家。
2)Li Bai traveled extensively to famous mountains and great rivers throughout his life. He was cheerful and generous, and he made many friends. He left behind numerous poems that have been passed down through the ages. Li Bai's poems, as one of the precious spiritual assets of the Chinese nation' s traditional culture, have deeply affected contemporary literature and culture with their profound thoughts and unique value. In his poems. Li Bai expressed a positive attitude toward life and enterprising spirit of daring to face the cruel reality, inspiring the Chinese people to fearlessly confront difficulties and move forward. His vivid language style and rich imagination pioneered the romantic stvle of poetry in the flourishing Tang Dynasty. His youthful enthusiasm forever resonates with people's hearts.
 

Unit 3 Let's go
Section A
Reading the text
Pre-reading activities Task 1
1)major channels 2)ancestors 3)in our own way 4)strengthens 5)immerse 6)destination 7) single steps
There is an old Chinese saying: "Traveling ten thousand miles beats reading ten thousand books. "Reading and traveling are two major channels for young people to better understand the world. Reading gives us off-the-shelf knowledge that our ancestors gathered from their practices: traveling makes us experience the diversity of the real world and multiple cultures in our own way. Personally, I prefer experiencing this wonderful world through traveling.
Traveling teaches me how to change myself I have to get out of my comfort zone to face the upcoming challenges. Traveling teaches me how other people live and thus strengthens my tolerance of different cultures as I immerse myself in their ways of life. It breaks down misconceptions. Traveling teaches me about dreams and how to realize them. There is another Chinese saying: "A journey of a thousand li begins with the first step. And when I travel, I feel my destination is the accumulation of many single steps. This is exactly how dreams are realized.
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) A 2)B 3)D 4)B 5)D 6) B 7) A 8)C 9) A 10) B
Reading comprehension Understanding the text
1) The author means that the rest of the journey apart from the flight itself is actually not enjoyable, as it shows the drawbacks of our modern ways of life.
2) Because in this digital age, it is still important to observe some traditions or to meet face to face for some events.
3)We go to Paris for its uniqueness. We just want to experience the wonders of Paris. 4)The irony is that people are likely to solve the problems they have left behind while they are on holiday, trying not to think about them.
5)Traveling to a new place makes us less controlled by the familiar cognitive patterns we have. As a result, we can be open-minded, better combine the new with the old in our
thinking, and understand the mundane from a slightly more abstract perspective.
6)Seasoned travelers are open to ambiguity, willing to realize that there are decidedly different (and equally valid) ways of interpreting the world.
7) We need to change cultures and experience the disorienting diversity of human traditions.
 

8)We travel because we need to, because distance and difference are the secret cornerstones of creativity.
Critical thinking
1)In addition to those mentioned in the text, traveling brings many other benefits such as:
improving your mental health, making you more interesting, allowing you to try amazing food, expanding your social network, improving your communication skills. 2)
Yes, I agree. Cultural differences can pose a huge problem to travel. If we don't know the language, the customs, and the history of the place we are visiting, we may face many embarrassing problems in communicating with local people and may even violate the taboos in another culture without being aware of it.
I'm afraid not. Cultural differences are not a problem. On the contrary, they can serve as a stimulus which makes us more curious about this world and more willing to gain a deeper understanding of other cultures as well as our own. So cultural differences are not a barrier. Instead, they drive us to travel more.
3)
I think travel has an effect on our personalities. In most situations, people's
personalities will be more or less changed when their travels come to an end, just as plants become green and luxuriant after the rain. We can observe these differences from people's relaxed spiritual state, and cheerful ways of talking, walking, and even smiling. I think travel has only a temporary effect on our personalities. Personality is a set of enduring traits, characteristics, and patterns of behavior and is greatly affected by the environment in which we live. It is relatively stable. During a trip, our personalities may change a little since we are in a different environment, but this change is temporary and shouldn't last long. When we come back, we are still in the old environment. Our personalities will regain the old traits just in a couple of days or weeks.
Critical thinking skill 1) D
Language focus Words in use 1)compulsory 2)contemplating 3)loosened
4)globalize; globalise 5)offset
6)
groaned 7)
stubborn 8)
cluster 9)ambiguity 10) drawback
Word building
Practicing 1)profitable
2)victimize; victimise
 

3)negotiable
4)visualize; visualise 5)attributable
6)respectable
7) stabilize; stabilise 8)distinguishable 9)memorized; memorised
Banked cloze
1)trivial 2)cognitive 3)
console 4)
annoyances 5)
embracing 6)
positivity 7)
recipe 8)
immerse 9)loosen 10)
endows
Expressions in use 1)
settle for
2)more often than not 3)mingled with
4)traded 5)for 6)on sale 7) are open to 8)endow 9)with
10)make up for
Structure analysis and writing Structured writing
Practicing
For centuries, books have played a critical role in human life. They not only fulfill but also enrich our lives. It is through books that we gain inspiration, broaden our horizons and enhance our skills. In my opinion, reading books is important mainly for three
reasons.
First, reading books can broaden our knowledge and provide the experience that we cannot always have in our own life. Not everyone has the opportunity to travel 10, 000 miles, and no one can experience all kinds of ups and downs in life. Reading allows us to travel across time and space, from the perspective of characters in books. It opens new windows to the outside world, offering insights into different cultures, historical events, and technical knowledge that we might not learn elsewhere.
Second, reading books can exercise our brains and improve our mental health. When reading, we need to remember different characters and plots, understand difficult terms, engage with the ideas and themes, etc., which help stimulate our minds and keep them active. In addition, when we feel stressed and depressed, reading a book can help us quickly immerse ourselves in another world and temporarily forget our troubles.
Third, reading books can increase empathy and make communication more efficient. By reading about the lives and experiences of others and reflecting on them, we can gain a deeper insight into their thoughts and feelings, and meanwhile get a better understanding of the people around us. Once we know how others feel, we can better communicate with them.
 

Reading books can broaden our horizons, exercise our brains, and improve our
communication. It is an indispensable part of our lives and we should all form the habit of reading.
Section B
Reading skills Practicing
1) I have always wanted to see the beautiful sights of the world such as the Eiffel Tower in France, Venice in Italy, and the Grand Canyon in the U. S., to name just a few. When I finally got the money and time for travel and could set off, I was really excited.
From what is said in the paragraph, for example, ".. a chunk of money saved and extra vacation time earned" and "Now is the time to go!", I can see that what the author really wants to say is that people love to travel and are excited when they have the chance to do SO.
2)The description of the preparation for a visit to an exotic place is very true. Even though most of the time I travel with my family or friends, I still have to do a lot of research before embarking on a trip. For example, I search online for specific information so that I don't get into trouble later.
The author wants to tell us that we must get fully prepared before we begin our journey to an unfamiliar place, and get ready to tackle all the unexpected challenges in the new environment.
3)Yes, I have had such unpleasant experiences. I remember once I was traveling in Germany and wandering the streets in Munich. All of a sudden, two young men sprayed blue paint on my back and grabbed my purse.
My personal experience gives me a better understanding of the author's intention when I read "But there has also been the downside beeause of those not-so-pleasant experiences". The author wants to remind us that there are both negative and positive things during travel time, and travelers need to stay alert.
Reading the text Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) C 2) B 3) D 4)C 5) A 6)D 7) C 8) A 9)C 10) D
Reading comprehension Understanding the text 1) D
2)C 3)C 4)D 5) A 6) A 7) D 8)B
Critical thinking
 

1)When traveling solo, you need to do everything on your own, such as eating, finding accommodations, and buying tickets. Although solo travels might be considered weird or reckless, you can experience something unique. For example, your schedule is entirely yours to decide, and you can enjoy the freedom to explore an unknown and exciting environment. All you should do is open your mind, close your eyes, and just enjoy it. When traveling with a companion, the advantage is that you can look after each other and experience all the joys and hardships together. You may feel less lonely, but you may miss something special which only happens when you travel alone.
2)In my opinion, prevention comes first when it comes to travel safety. Here are my suggestions:
Choose your accommodations carefully.
Share your travel plans with family members or friends and stay connected. Make an emergency plan.
If possible, arrive at your destination during the day. If you have to arrive late at night, take a taxi.
Once you've checked in, keep your door locked with the security chain fastened when you are in the room.
Avoid going out at night alone. Be slow to trust.
3)
In my opinion, lacking companionship cannot be an excuse for not doing what I really want to do. I want to do something because there is a strong urge deep in my heart which drives me to do so. It is my own decision. A lack of companionship will not be a barrier that stops me.
Yes. I feel companionship is important to me, because it helps me realize I'm not alone and empowers me to achieve my goals. Without a companion, I have no one to go to if I'm in trouble, and I will feel uncomfortable and depressed. For example, I would not go
traveling solo. It would be boring and even dangerous if there is no friend with me.
Language focus
Words in use 1)
ethnic 2)
conceive 3)
presumed 4)
despised 5)
irritate 6)disregard 7)downside 8)venerable 9)susceptible 10)suppressed
Expressions in use 1)from; against
2)from 3)with
4)around; round 5) to
6) to 7)for 8)off
Sentence structure
 

Task 1
1) The following day was, as it turned out, the last of his stay in the city.
2) As it turned out, the war went on for more than four years, with heavy losses of
personnel and material on both sides.
3)Poverty eradication has long been an enduring challenge for the global community, but
as it turned out, decades of rapid economic growth in China had helped to lift hundreds of
millions of people out of extreme poverty.
Task 2
1) took his behavior with a smile
2)took it with gratitude
3)took it with a deep bow
Collocation
Practicing
1)otic
2)aces
3)vely
4)eam
5)tinational
6)ours
7)easant
8)periences
9)eign
10)avel
11)orienting
12)versity
13)cal
14) lklore
15)wap
16)ories
17) odern
18) viation
19)edible
20)sights
21)uable
22)en-mindedness
23)ental
24)ibility
25)balized
26)orld
Section C
Stories of China
Understanding
Task 1
1) C
2) A
3) A
Task 2
1）和其他中国老年人一样，张和王年轻时都致力于家庭和工作，旅行并不是他们的首选。
2）这对夫妻开始了背包客的经历，他们踏上了虎跳峡的小路，虎跳峡是位于中国西南部云南省的一个
幽深而美丽的山谷。
3）几十年来，中国创造了伟大奇迹，人民生活水平显著提高，经济社会繁荣发展




Translation
Translation
Task 1
1) The 0ld Town of Lijiang, located at the foot of Yulong Snow Mountain, is a town of scenic beauty, known for its history and culture. It is also one of China' s well-preserved old towns of ethnic minority groups. With the boom in Lijiang's tourism, the old Town of Lijiang is receiving a growing number of tourists from home and abroad. In December 1997, the 0ld Town succeeded in applying to be recognized as a World Cultural Heritage Site, becoming one of the first noted historical and cultural cities in China to be included on the World Cultural Heritage List.
Task 2
1）威尼斯是意大利北部一座世界闻名的岛城。威尼斯建立于公元5世纪，在公元10世纪时成为一支重要的海上力量。在中世纪和文艺复兴时期，威尼斯曾是重要的商贸中心，是当时欧洲极为富裕的城市，在政治和经济事务中居领导地位。几百年的兴盛之后，威尼斯在15世纪开始衰落。如今，威尼斯被公认为是全世界最美的城市之一，也是全世界最重要的旅游胜地之一。威尼斯的建筑风格丰富多样，其中最出名的是哥特式风格。威尼斯还因历史上的几次重要的艺术运动而闻名，特别是文艺复兴时期。威尼斯对建筑和艺术的发展影响巨大。至今，威尼斯仍对现代艺术和流行文化的发展起着重要作用。1987年，威尼斯被列入《世界遗产名录》。1980年3月，威尼斯与中国苏州结为友好城市。
Unit review Unit test Unit test
Vocabulary 1) A
2) D 3)B 4) A 5) D 6)C 7) D 8) A 9)B 10) B 11) A 12) A 13)C 14) A 15)C
Banked cloze 1)facilitated 2)ample 3)leap 4)
freeing 5)
solutions 6)
contrast 7)
enjoyable 8)
contribute 9)ultimately 10)
desire
Reading 1) C
 

2) B
3)C 4)C 5) A
Translation
1）与朋友一起旅行还是独自旅行，这取决于个人喜好、境况和旅行目标。与他人一起规划旅行时，清晰沟通并就你们的旅行计划达成一致至关重要。
尽管与朋友一起旅行有潜在的不足之处，但也会带来许多好处。共同的经历能够形成更牢固的联系和持久的回忆，从而培养更紧密的关系。与同伴一起旅行可以提高安全性，因为在穿越不熟悉的地方时，他们可以提供帮助和支持。一起探索的喜悦为旅程增添了有趣的元素，共同的欢笑和挑战巩固了友谊。
在经济上，与朋友一起旅行也许会更经济实惠，可以分摊住宿、交通和活动的费用。无论是导航技能还是语言学习，协作努力还能充分利用个人的优势。此外，团队旅行还是拥抱新奇体验的催化剂，因为朋友们会互相鼓励走出舒适区。虽然个人喜好可能有所不同，但友情和共同的冒险往往使得与朋友一起旅行成为一种非常有价值和愉快的选择。
2)After China optimized its COVID-19 response measures in December 2022, the country's tourism sector is preparing for a resurgence. Several driving forces contribute to this revival in China's tourism industry, such as the easing of travel restrictions. the increase in disposable income among Chinese consumers, and the growing popularity of domestic tourism. The government provides subsidies and other assistance to tourism enterprises, promoting the steady development of the tourism industry. Internationally outbound tourism is gradually recovering with people's growing desire to explore new cultures and experience different ways of life. Additionally, the robust resurgence of China' s tourism industry also provides a positive indicator for the nation' s economy. Tourism is a significant driver of economic growth and is expected to contribute notably to the country's GDP.
 

Unit 4 When work is a pleasure
Section A
Reading the text
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) D 2) A 3)C 4)C 5) B 6)D 7) A 8)C 9)D 10) B
Reading comprehension Understanding the text
1) To be truly happy, one must feel free to do what they like, and know that what they do is important to other people. They should enjoy their jobs, and what they do should be valued by society.
2)Labor is the work which has an adverse effect on people. Yet people are compelled to continue doing it, because of societal expectations and the need to support themselves and their families. Play is the polar opposite of labor. When people play, they enjoy what they are doing. Play is only a personal matter; society does not care when and whether people play.
3)The author wants to show that the difference between workers and laborers does not lie in the nature of the job itself, be it mental or manual, or with low or high income, but in whether a person has an interest in the job.
4)To workers, leisure means simply the hours they need to relax and rest in order to work efficiently: to laborers, leisure means freedom from compulsion.
5) Workers will be happier, less stressed, generally more satisfied with their lives, and proud of their jobs, while laborers feel that the time they spend on the daily grind is wasted and doesn' t contribute to their happiness. Laborers perceive only the time spent in leisure and play as meaningful.
6)Technological innovation and the division of labor have greatly changed the nature of work. In many fields, special strengths or skills are no longer necessary. Many paid jobs with en joyable work have become boring labor. In addition, machines can automatically do the work for people, so productivity has increased and the number of necessary laboring hours has accordingly decreased.
7) People should take a positive attitude toward leisure time. In their leisure time, they can improve their minds and their working conditions to create a happier, more contented life by means of lifelong learning.
8)With this phrase, the author emphasizes that even purely mental work can make people feel energized, arouse people's passions, and give them satisfaction.
Critical thinking
1) Apart from their dedication to work, people who love their jobs might also possess many other outstanding characteristics such as:
Learning proactively. They want to learn more about their work and improve themselves to better handle their jobs.
Producing quality work. They carefully deal with each task, and produce the best possible results.
 

Being creative. They always look for better ways to solve problems, or introduce new ideas and methods for accomplishing a task.
Being persevering. They never give up, and have the courage to face and overcome their professional challenges.
2)
Try to find a job that they really love at the very beginning, for whether people love their job or not can largely determine whether they will become a worker or a laborer. Start with a positive and right attitude, for the right attitude toward work makes it much easier for people to accept and love the work.
Develop an interest in the work, for it is interest that drives a worker to seek pleasure in work and keeps a worker going on to achieve more.
Always reflect on what they have achieved, which will give them a sense of pride and fulfillment.
3)If I am not happy with my work, first of all, I'11 find out the reasons and look for solutions through active communication and cooperation. I think it will work for me. Second, I'11 try to change my attitude because I know there is no ideal job. As long as I could derive fun and pleasure from it, I'11 love the job and do it with passion and enthusiasm. Finally, if I find it impossible to adapt to the present work and it doesn' t match my capability or personality, switching jobs may be a better option.
Critical thinking skill 1) D
Language focus Words in use 1)
gauge 2)
contended 3)
commonplace 4)
suffice 5)
revenue 6)
adverse 7)
upcoming 8)abolished 9)diversion 10)foster
Word building
Practicing 1)enforcement 2)shipment 3)
commercialism 4)
realism 5)
recruitment 6)
imperialism 7)
resentment 8)
terrorism 9)
materialism
Banked cloze 1)
notion 2)
foster 3)
reflecting 4)
monetary 5)
refraining
 

6)complaining
7)incentives 8)bored 9)exhaustive 10)barrier
Expressions in use 1) correlate with
2)refrain from
3)be counting down the days 4)slaving away
5)sink his teeth into 6)contend with
7) designated as 8)
conforms to
Structure analysis and writing Structured writing
Practicing
To continue to study or to go to work upon graduation may be one of the most difficult decisions a young undergraduate has to make. Indeed, the decision will have different and profound impacts on your future life and career.
First, your decision will influence the way you spend your time at college. If you decide to pursue further study, you will have to invest more time and energy in improving your academic performance and in your research projects. This will pave the way for you to become an expert in your domain in the future. But if you choose to work, besides doing well in your studies, you should focus on developing your professional skills earlier in your college years to prepare yourself for internships and employment opportunities or starting your own business.
Second, your decision has financial implications. If you are determined to continue your studies, you may not have income for several years but have to pay tuition for your
academic pursuit. This might increase financial burden due to the additional expenses. By contrast, if you go to work upon graduation, you will have your own salary immediately and be financially independent. You can even provide support for your family.
Finally, your decision will, of course, have a great impact on your future job
opportunities. Further study can equip you with more knowledge, and a higher degree may guarantee you a better job. However, it is also possible that you miss "the golden time for the start of your professional career, which could hinder your progress in your chosen field. By contrast, going to work upon graduation enables you to gain work experience immediately, making you more competitive in the future when you apply for some companies valuing candidates' professional experiences. But you may lose the opportunity to join some companies which have higher requirements regarding the employee's academic degree. To sum up, it is difficult to tell what results your choice will ultimately yield. You should be clear about the possible impacts of your choice before making the final decision.
Section B
Reading skills Practicing
1) I sat there with my shoes off, watching as he got ready to stitch up my shoes I'd entrusted to him. He looked sadly at the leather covering the heel. It was worn through because I had failed to have the shoes patched a month ago. I grew a little impatient, for I was rushing to meet a friend. "Please hurry, I begged. (Para. 4)(time order; cause and effect; cause and effect)
2)Thereafter, we waved to each other in a friendly greeting when I passed his shop every
day. At first I went in only when I had repair work to be done. Then I found myself 

lingering in his store or dropping in every few days, just to chat with him for the joy he would impart. (Para. 10)(time order; time order; time order: time order)
3)He pondered that for a minute before answering. Then he looked at me seriously. "There is only one way. Every man or woman who hasn' t inherited a prideful tradition must start building one. In this country, each of us can make our own contribution to the fabric of society, and we must endeavor to make it a good one. No matter what sort of work a person does, if they give it their best each day, theyre starting a tradition for their children to live up to. When a person amends their ways and learns to take pride in their work, a lifetime of happiness will ensue. "(Para. 16)(time order: time order; addition; cause and effect; cause and effect; addition)
Reading the text
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) C 2)B 3)D 4)B 5)D 6)C 7) A 8) D 9)B 10)C
Reading comprehension
Understanding the text 1) B
2) A 3)C 4)D 5) B 6)B 7) D 8) D
Critical thinking
1) This thought-provoking view can be understood from the following points. First, in the context of everyday life, there are infinite opportunities for us to contribute to
society. So, every one of us can do something for society. Each individual's contribution to the community is unique and irreplaceable. Furthermore, pursuing personal interests or improving skills is an important way of contributing to society. Cultivating personal interests and learning new skills can not only lead to significant self-improvement, but also enable us to give back to the community in our own way. Finally, it is important that we try our best to contribute our skills to society for its benefit. With our distinctive talents, we can help improve the community and lay the foundation for a better society 2)
A sense of being trusted. Chances for self-improvement. A sense of accomplishment.
Recognition of your role by others. 3)
Yes, it is quite necessary. Learning traditions is part of enculturation, a process of acquiring the knowledge, behaviors, beliefs, and attitudes of society in the context of
our culture. Following shared rites () and rituals provides the members of a group 

with a sense of security and belonging. Traditions also contribute to our sense of identity, and teach and affirm our values. Handing down traditions links future and past generations together.
No, I don't think it's quite necessary. With the development of our society, everything is changing so quickly. Therefore, we need to constantly adapt to new things and try to accept new ideas and concepts. Rigidly sticking to traditions sometimes just hinders our progress. In that case, traditions become a burden and an obstacle. So I think sometimes we should change our traditions in order to keep up with the pace of the times.
Language focus Words in use 1)
Rash 2)
specialty 3)ponder 4)refereed 5)pierce 6)bias 7)ensue 8)impart 9)infectious 10)hospitality
Expressions in use 1)out
2)on 3)away 4)on 5) to 6) in 7) in 8) up
Sentence structure Task 1
1) No obstacle, be it big or small, would prevent this determined young lady from succeeding in life.
2)Whatever you are studying now, be it interesting or boring, will certainly play a role in shaping your career.
3)Every time there is a major news event, be it a natural disaster or a scientific breakthrough, we take it for granted that there will be pictures and videos.
Task 2
1) find himself eating foods he has never heard of before 2)found herself faced with a math test
3)found herself standing in front of Tom's company Collocation
Practicing 1)happy
2) borer 3)sonally 4)filling 5)timum 6)
easure 7)uly
 

8)appy
9)etary 10)wards 11)ole 12)centive 13)sonal 14)isfaction 15) ivial 16)suit 17)cial 18)engths 19) igh 20)come 21)lar 22)posites 23)iendly 24)eeting 25)eerful 26)ile 27)verse 28)fect Section C
Stories of China Understanding
Task 1 1) A
2)B 3) A
Task 2
1）她总是选择处理复杂的工作，并很快成为工厂的领军人物。
2）1970年工厂成立技术部时，她成为了其中的一员，与同事一起研究技术并设计了新的玻璃器皿产品3）然而，学习和掌握这项技能的困难使得保存这种艺术成为一个重大挑战。
Translation Translation
Task 1
In recent years, the social development and changes in employment have posed higher requirements for college students. Instead of confining themselves to learning from books, more and more college students are taking an active part in social practice in their spare time. Through social practice, they can improve their analytical and problem-solving abilities, gain a deeper understanding of society, and increase their sense of social responsibility. Meanwhile, taking part in social practice can also help them recognize their own shortcomings and gain a clear idea about where they should be headed in the future.
Task 2
1）英式下午茶的仪式可以追溯到19世纪40年代，该传统是由之前英国的茶饮仪式和习惯发展而来的。茶最初在17世纪50年代晚期被引入英国，但由于价格昂贵，所以很长一段时间里，只有皇家和贵族才能享用。直到将近200多年之后，英国人才养成吃下午茶的习惯。在当时，英国人一日两餐：快接近中午时分的丰盛早餐和晚上八点左右的晚餐。据说第七代贝德福德公爵夫人安娜开创了下午茶的传统，以此来缓解晚餐前的饥饿感。她邀请朋友和她一起在下午四五点钟吃下午茶。下午茶中包括茶和一些点心，比如精致的蛋糕及三明治。这些小巧的美食用精美的瓷器盛装。下午茶很快就流行开来，现在已经成为
 

优雅英国生活方式的一个象征。正如小说家亨利詹姆斯写道的那样：人生鲜有比全心全意享用下午茶
这一仪式更惬意的时刻了。Unit review
Unit test Unit test
Vocabulary 1) D
2)B 3) A 4)C 5) B 6) B 7) D 8) A 9)C 10)C 11) B 12) A 13) D 14) D 15) B
Banked cloze 1)
grind 2)
extending 3)
conforming 4)
initiative 5)maintaining 6)
excessive 7)
beneficial 8)automates 9)habits 10)lay
Reading 1) D
2)B 3) A 4) A 5)C
Translation
1）2017年，中国提出乡村振兴战略，这是振兴乡村和实现农业现代化的关键举措。此后，中国出台了一系列政策，为乡村振兴布局。随着乡村振兴运动的深入，越来越多的高技能人才，比如大学毕业生，纷纷来到中国农村地区开启他们的职业生涯，成为乡村振兴进程中的新力量。凭借在大学学到的新知识和新技能，这一代年轻人探索出了促进当地经济增长的新方法。例如，他们中的一些人在推进现代农业发展中发挥了重要作用，成为新农人。有些人在食品加工领域开展了新的业务，创造了更多的就业机会，并显著提高了当地农民的收入。此外，许多人在教育、医疗保健和扶贫等相关岗位上工作，以他们的专业知识为农村社区做出贡献。选择在农村地区工作的年轻人在他们的岗位上成长，并找到了归属感和成就感。许多毕业生认为，通过在农村工作，他们可以实现社会责任感，让自己变得更强大。
2)People were once concerned that intangible cultural heritage would always be labeled ancient" and could not blend with modern life. But now, to their surprise, more and more young people are joining the ranks of learning intangible cultural heritage skills and
becoming the new generation of intangible cultural heritage inheritors. In their hand分学习 

traditional arts such as embroidery and paper-cutting have been redesigned and improved, once again attracting the public's attention. The combination of intangible cultural heritage with cultural and creative products frequently goes viral in the online world. Young inheritors of intangible cultural heritage combine traditional skills with the aesthetics of modern life, creating more works that cater to contemporary lifestyles, thereby revitalizing intangible cultural heritage with renewed energy.
 

Unit 5 China's space dream
Section A
Reading the text
Pre-reading activities Task 1
1) C 2)D 3) A 4)B
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1)C 2) A 3)B 4)B 5) A 6)D 7) C 8)D 9) A 10) A
Reading comprehension Understanding the text
1) Building and operating China's first space station. 2)In 1998.
3)It meant that China became the third country to send a man into space.
4)They have performed scientific experiments and technological tests, undertaken extravehicular activities, and even delivered a science lecture from space, which was watched by tens of millions of students.
5)They have to wear suits that weigh 160 kg and stay underwater for about four hours. 6)They decided to use a tool to force the hatch open despite the obvious safety risk. 7) The accomplishments of China's space exploration have become a source of pride and growing confidence in the nation, and sparked patriotic sentiments in Chinese communities across the world.
8)The qualities the Chinese astronauts embody are bravery, wisdom, and commitment.
Critical thinking
1) Space exploration is probably one of the most significant scientific explorations, which can benefit humans in many respects. First, it helps us gain more knowledge about the universe. The exploration of outer space allows us to push the boundaries of what we currently know and to venture into the unknown. Second, space exploration helps protect our planet and our environment. For example, satellites can provide data on climate change, pollution, and other important environmental indicators, thus helping protect our planet. Third, space exploration can trigger young people's interest in science. For young people, it is a mysterious and exciting topic that encourages them to learn more about science and one day make their contributions to the cause.
2)China's space exploration has witnessed rapid progress in a short period of time mainly for three reasons. First, it's because of the rapid development of China's economy.
China's high-speed economic development in the past years has laid a solid economic foundation for the fast development of the space industry. Second, it's due to the country's great emphasis on space exploration. The government is willing to invest an abundance of human and material resources in space research to explore the unknown. Last
it can be attributed to the patriotic passion of all the people engaging in thespace 

industry. Their dedication and perseverance contribute to the outstanding progress of China's space exploration.
3) The spirit of the manned space program refers to the tradition of relentless hard work under extreme and arduous conditions to solve critical problems and achieve success. In my understanding, it is mainly reflected in the following four respects. First, it involves the courage to face challenges and obstacles. Manned space missions require individuals to demonstrate exceptional courage, as they venture into the unknown and face risks and challenges. Second, it emphasizes the dedication to space exploration. Many people in the space industry put a lot of hard work into the cause, continuously striving to achieve goals. Third, the spirit is closely linked to effective cooperation among people from different fields. Every space mission is a huge project requiring the teamwork of thousands of people. Last, this spirit is characterized by patriotism. Many people have devoted their whole life to the manned space program, in order to make contributions to space exploration for their country.
Critical thinking skill 1) A
Language focus Words in use 1)halted
2)blueprint 3)simulate 4)vibrated 5)milestone 6)inflicted 7)ascended 8)boundary 9)gigantic 10)embody
Word building
Practicing 1)legendary
2)
precautionary 3)
immensity 4)
sincerity 5)
momentary 6)
disciplinary 7)
adversities Banked cloze 1)
milestone 2)
soaring 3)
blueprint 4)
endeavor 5)
ascended 6)designated docked 8)pushing 9)trigger 10)lofty
Expressions in use 1)immerse yourself in 2)triggered off
 

3)for the benefit of
4) owe a debt to 5)ripped through 6) grit your teeth 7) were overwhelmed by 8)make use of
Structure analysis and writing Structured writing
Practicing
The history of science shows very clearly that curiosity-driven research is an irreplaceable way of scientific progress. Curiosity is the secret to scientific breakthroughs because it sparks questions and enables people to stick to their work.
Curiosity sparks questions which are important in scientific discoveries. Asking the right questions and following them up with research is the start of new discoveries. Li Siguang, a famous Chinese geologist, was interested in a big stone he often saw in his childhood. His teacher guessed that the stone might be a meteorite that fell from the sky. Li pondered for a while and said, "If the big stone had fallen from the sky, it would have made a deep pit. But why is the ground around it flat?" The question remained in Li's mind. When Li grew up, he had more knowledge and went back to his hometown to study the stone again. Finally, he found the stone was brought there by glaciers. He played a crucial role in formulating the Quaternary Glacial Theory of China. and it all started when he became curious about a big stone as a child.
Curiosity also gives people the persistence to look for scientific discoveries. Curiosity, the hunger for knowledge, drives people to continuously push the boundaries of what's known with persistence. Michael Faraday, curious about electricity from an early age, dedicated himself to numerous experiments and finally invented the first electric motor and made great contributions to the field of electricity and magnetism. Similarly, Tu Youyou's interest, curiosity, and desire to seek new medicines drove her to study pharmacy and devote herself to this field. Her curiosity about traditional Chinese medicine and her persistent exploration of it led to the discovery of artemisinin, which earned her a place in scientific history.
Curiosity is a natural human trait that leads to exploration, investigation, and learning. It brings questions which are to be answered with persistent research. Without doubt. curiosity plays a key role in important scientific breakthroughs.
Section B
Reading skills Practicing
1)Since the 1990s, Chinese scientists and engineers have endeavored to make the dream of flying to the moon a reality. (Para. 6)
In 2000 China announced that its space planning agenda contained preparatory research about lunar exploration. (Para. 6)
China officially began the lunar exploration program in 2004. (Para. 6)
In 2007 China verified its lunar probe technologies with the successful launch of Chang'e- 1. (Para. 7)
In 2013 Chang'e-3 accomplished China's first soft landing on the moon. (Para. 7)
After Chang'e-3's accomplishment, Chinese space experts aimed high to make the Chang'e-4 mission more innovative and challenging. (Para. 8)
China launched a relay satellite, named Quegiao, to set up a communication link between the earth and the moon' s far side. (Para. 8)
Chang'e-4 was launched and soft-landed on the moon's far side. (Para. 1)
Now China is drawing up plans to explore the moon's polar regions and inviting other countries to join in further expeditions. (Para. 9)
In the foreseeable future. the Chinese will leave their footprints on the surface of the moon.(Para. 11)
 

Reading the text
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) C 2)D 3) A 4)B 5)C 6)D 7) B 8) A 9)D 10) B
Reading comprehension Understanding the text 1) C
2)B 3) A 4)D 5)B 6)C 7)D 8) B
Critical thinking
1)Exploring the vast universe is a common dream of all humankind. In my opinion,
enhancing international cooperation in space exploration could bring a lot of benefits. First, we are confronted with a lot of challenges in space exploration. No doubt, combining the wisdom and strengths of different countries will help us deal with these challenges more efficiently. Second, when more countries are involved in a pro ject and utilize outer space for peaceful purposes. the interrelationships between the countries would be strengthened. Cooperation on the basis of equality and mutual benefit would create mutual respect and improve international stability. Last, international cooperation saves money. Some countries lack budgetary support to carry out their space exploration alone. Cooperating with other countries would reduce costs, and inspire them to make more contributions to space exploration.
In summary, outer space exploration is a new domain for cooperation and we shall work together to realize the space dream.
2)I believe humans could achieve many exciting accomplishments in the future lunar exploration. First, we could develop the moon as a second home for humanity and build lunar bases. Second, we could use the moon as a springboard to access other parts of the solar system. Astronauts would be trained on the moon for longer-term operations on other heavenly bodies, thus expanding human presence in space. Third, we could better explore the lunar environment and develop lunar resources for peaceful purposes. For example, moon minerals could be used to fuel rockets and take people farther into space than ever
before. As can be seen, humans have many ambitious plans for lunar exploration, and I think they could be realized in the foreseeable future.
3)Today, more and more people have realized that we don't have to be scientists or engineers to be involved in space adventures. Artists, musicians, historians, diplomats, economists, anthropologists, political scientists, and sociologists all have roles to play in space exploration. First, historians, anthropologists, etc. help answer a lot of
fundamental questions about the value and impact of space exploration, such as: What is the position of humans in the universe? Do our dreams inspire space travel or does space
travel shape our dreams? Second, different disciplines may contribute to the cause of 

space exploration in different ways. For example, the arts are vital to the presentation of scientific findings to the public. To sum up, space exploration is often thought of within the realm of science and technology, but other disciplines also contribute to the field, and every one of us can make a difference.
Language focus Words in use 1)cooperate 2)deepen 3)terrains 4)captivating 5)preparatory 6)crashed 7)desolate 8)man-made 9)disrupted 10)roved
Expressions in use 1)after
2)for 3)into 4)up 5)high 6)from 7) in 8)with
Sentence structure Task 1
1) Normally, this work was carried out by two people, but she has to do this work alone now.
2)Normally, she didn't pay attention, but his sudden drop in voice raised her suspicions that something was very wrong.
3)Normally, students are expected to listen quietly, but when doing an exercise, they can discuss things among themselves.
Task 2
1) not only of theoretical interest but also of technical importance 2) not only about grammar and vocabulary but also about culture
3) not only improve personal relationships but also act as a critical factor in success Collocation
Practicing 1)
gigantic 2)
reached 3)deepen
accomplishing 5)
continuous 1)
triggered 2)
patriotic 3)
pursue 4)
spectacular 5)
combine
 

1)inspiring
2)captivating 3)verifying 4)ambitious Section C
Stories of China Understanding
Task 1 1) A
2)B 3) A
Task 2
1）中国探索外太空的愿景应从以下角度来解读：和平发展的经济战略和为人类福祉构建人类命运共同体的倡议。
2）因此，天宫空间站和计划中的国际月球科研站将致力于通过拓展新层次的知识范围来塑造人类的未来。
3）中国的努力并非零和博弈；中国邀请所有国家参与其项目，这是一项和平举措，旨在共同参与塑造人类的未来。
Translation Translation
Task 1
Realizing national rejuvenation, which we define as the Chinese Dream, has been the greatest Chinese expectation since modern times. In essence, the Chinese Dream is a commitment to bringing prosperity and happiness to the country, the nation, and the people. Every Chinese is a participant in and a creator of the Chinese Dream. We should link our personal prospects closely to the future of our country. The Chinese Dream is a dream of our nation and our people. We should maintain firm confidence, unite as one, and strive in unity to advance national rejuvenation on all fronts.
Task 2
1）20世纪初以来，我们迈出了坚实的步伐，走进了浩瀚的宇宙。前苏联第一颗人造卫星的成功发射，标志着太空时代的开始。随后，阿波罗计划成功实施的月球登陆、国际空间站的建立、探测器对外行星的探索，这些成就都展现了人类探索宇宙的非凡努力。现代太空探索已进入新时代，包括商业太空旅行、火星探索计划和释放太空资源的雄心。太空成就不仅是科学探索的胜利，也是勇气和协作的成果。通过不懈的努力，我们正在扩大对宇宙的认识，为未来探索新的可能性铺平道路。
Unit review Unit test Unit test
Vocabulary 1) B
2)C 3) A 4)C 5) B 6) A 7) A 8) B 9)C 10) B 11) D 12) D
 

13) A
14) B 15)D
Banked cloze 1)pursuit
2)profound 3)
spacecraft 4)
soared 5)operations 6)engaged 7)unified 8)cooperation 9)regardless 10)seizing
Reading 1) A
2) A 3) D 4)C 5)C
Translation
1）为什么物体会落到地面？古希腊哲学家亚里士多德认为，物体下落是因为四种元素（土、空气、火和水）各自有其自然位置，并且这些元素有向其自然位置移动的趋势。
这种关于物体为何落下的观点持续盛行到文艺复兴时期开始的科学革命。站在开普勒和伽利略等巨人的肩膀上，牛顿意识到落到地上的苹果和绕地球运行的月球受到相同的引力。这个力与两个相互吸引的物体的质量成正比，与它们之间距离的平方成反比。这个力作用于宇宙中的一切，很好地解释了月球和行星的运动。
尽管牛顿的引力理论取得了成功，但它也有局限性。它适用于日常情况并且使用简便。然而，在极端条件下，例如在靠近黑洞等大质量物体或涉及非常高速度的情况中，爱因斯坦的广义相对论更为准确，能更好地描述涉及大质量物体和高速情境的引力现象。
2)Just like the name of China's carrier rocket, "Long March", China's history of space exploration has also been a long march. From the launch of China' s first man-made satellite Dongfanghong-1 to the Chang'e-5 lunar probe, these 50 years have witnessed how China is striving to pursue its "dreams of flying into the sky and landing on the Moon". "Self-reliance" is the keyword that runs through the history of the development of China's aerospace industry. "Innovation" is another indispensable value in China's aerospace industry since scientific and technological strength lays the foundation for space
exploration. Furthermore. the success China has achieved in the field of space science can in turn encourage Chinese people's confidence in innovation.
 

Unit 6 The economy: power behind everyday life
Section A
Reading the text
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) A 2) D 3)B 4)C 5) D 6) B 7) A 8)D 9) A 10) B
Reading comprehension Understanding the text
1) The companies that owned the loans, as well as their subsidiaries and shareholders, lost sizable amounts of money. The effects of these drastic losses soon spiraled into the job market as lay-offs and terminations. Many people experienced long months of financial difficulties.
2)They were jobless people who were no longer allowed to claim unemployment insurance benefits which they could only receive for 99 weeks.
3)Although the unemployment benefits were small in amount, they were a lifeline that helped jobless people survive
4)Because Sue went back and forth between resolve and despair.
5) Because she thought both the health-care safety net and the job market were better in her hometown.
6)She couldn't receive enough support from the government, social organizations, or her friends. Her sons were also not in a position to help her. And she didn't want to be seen as a parasite. So. she thought she should only rely on herself.
7 She had to deal with new difficulties like what to do for an address for job
applications, and she worried that calls would not reach her because her cell phone would be cut off for non-payment.
8)The author intends to reveal the severe impact of unemployment which resulted from the economic crisis. Despite her continuous efforts, Sue had to face the harsh reality of losing almost everything she had possessed before: her job, apartment, high standard of living, opportunity for education, and belief and confidence in life.
Critical thinking
1)The social security system provides economic protection for workers, retirees, the disabled, and their families, and is a source of income for them in times of need. More than any other program, social security reduces poverty and improves the standard of living. Social security can be an important pillar to stabilize society, stimulate domestic demand, and promote economic growth
2)First, the government can probably extend the period of unemployment insurance benefits in serious economic crises for people like Sue. In addition, the government can offer them effective channels for job searching with the latest employment information.
3)I think economic regulation plays an important role in the market. First, it can foster fair market practices, which helps maintain economic stability. Second, economic
regulation can ensure product quality and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. Third, it can promote social fairness and justice, helping the disadvantaged groups like the elderly.
 

Free competition is also crucial to the market. First, it can promote the efficient use of an economy's resources because it helps allocate the resources more efficiently. Second, free competition can promote innovation because it encourages firms to invest more in research and development in order to seek out new market opportunities. Third, it can make people strive to do their best, leading to more value creation.
Critical thinking skill 1) B
Language focus Words in use 1)donate
2)spiral; spiraling 3)resolve
4)lay-offs 5)subsistence 6)harassment 7)comply 8)reclaimed 9)originated 10)expires
Word building
Practicing 1)
accumulation
2)accusations; accusation 3)manhood
4)calculations 5)
exhaustion 6)
assassination 7)falsehood
Banked cloze 1)comply
2)tumbled 3)
sessions 4)
repay 5)
mortgages 6)
embrace 7)beneficial 8)boost 9)burdensome 10)tempted
Expressions in use 1)a roof over your head 2)wound up
3)scraped together 4)on the verge of 5)for good
6)
accounted for 7) come to his aid 8)
packed up
Structure analysis and writing Structured writing
 

Practicing
Do you always work or study until midnight? If your answer is yes, unfortunately, you are one of the large group of people who stay up late. However, the bad effects of staying up late are quite obvious. It can do severe harm to us mainly in three aspects: physical health, work efficiency, and mental well-being.
First, staying up late can have negative impacts on our physical health. A lack of sleep messes up the natural functions of our bodies. It weakens our immune system, making us more likely to get sick. It also increases the risk of high blood pressure and weight gain. In addition, if we feel that our skin ages faster, this could be one of the bad effects of staying up late.
Second, staying up late can lower our work efficiency. It impairs our cognitive abilities, lowering our alertness, comprehension, and concentration levels. When we don't get enough sleep, our mind may become foggy and we may have difficulty in making sensible decisions. We'll start to feel sleepy, or even fall asleep during the day. This hinders our problem- solving abilities and lowers our work efficiency.
Third, staying up late can bring about mental stress. If our work efficiency is lower than expected, we will probably wonder whether we are capable enough to handle a certain task. which can increase our stress levels. Studies show that people who lack sleep find it more difficult to control their emotions and are more likely to experience depression and anxiety.
In conclusion, staying up late is by no means a good choice for us. It impacts our physical health, lowers our work efficiency, and makes us stressed and anxious. It is essential to recognize the significance of getting enough sleep and establish a regular sleep schedule.
Section B
Reading skills Practicing
1) Economic bubbles occur when, for any number of reasons, excessive investment in commodities (such as oil), securities (such as stocks and bonds), real estate, or collectibles drives up prices well beyond the item's intrinsic value.
This definition of "economic bubbles" is developed by describing the causes and effects of economic bubbles".
2)It is a mechanism that adjusts prices downward when rising prices encourage either greater production of a commodity or greater willingness of current owners to sell. In order to make the concept clear. an analogy is used to illustrate how the economic feedback mechanism works.
3) Buyers justify their purchases by assuring themselves that they will find "a greater fool" who will pay even more.
The definition of the "greater fool theory" starts with the meaning of the term, and then is followed by an explanation and one famous example.
4)The author defines "herd mentality" through an example: Too many brokers rush to buy, driving prices like mercury up a thermometer to levels that prove unrealistic.
5)In a normal market, investors buy stock in a company because they anticipate that future profits will become dividends and that the value of the company's assets will increase. Sometimes, though, a "herd mentality" sets in and too many brokers rush to buy, driving prices unrealistically high. Eventually, it becomes clear that further increases are not forthcoming and price deterioration develops, followed by a swift drop. When this happens to too many companies in aggregate, it is called a stock market crash.
The definition of "stock market crash" is given through the description of how exactly a stock market crash happens.
6)The buzz about the economic possibilities of the Internet encouraged investors to fund the creation of many dot-com companies too many, it turned out. For several years, dozens of entrepreneurs sought to duplicate for themselves the results of those that had come before. Many investors envisaged wealth for any business with a website that could
advertise on IV or billboards, even if its actual services were ambiguous Instead,o 

March 10, 2000, the dot-com boom reached its peak and over the next two and a half years. the index dropped sharply. Most companies blundered into awful financial difficulties. That is the dot-com bubble.
The term "dot-com bubble" is defined by a detailed description of how it happened. Reading the text
Vocabulary learning Quiz
1) B 2) A 3) A 4)D 5)B 6)C 7) C 8) A 9)D 10) B
Reading comprehension
Understanding the text 1) B
2) A 3)C 4)A 5) A 6)C 7)B 8) A
Critical thinking
1) There is an old saying that financial markets are driven by two powerful emotions: greed and fear. Greed is a strong desire that makes people want to accumulate money and material wealth, or experience pleasure excessively. People s desires are unlimited, and inregulated behaviors related to money may lead to economic growth but also cause an economic bubble. When capital greed ultimately makes economic bubbles burst, the economy will fall into a depression.
2) There are many measures that can be taken to curb speculation in economic activities. One of them is taxation, by which the government collects money from people and
businesses. This can increase the costs of speculation, thus preventing excessive speculation. Another effective method is controlling the interest rate on money lent to people or businesses. If the government feels that the economy is overheated, it can raise the interest rate. This will curb speculation.
3)
It should be. Knowledge of economics and the ability to apply it to problem-solving are fundamental components of responsible citizenship in our society. Being able to comprehend and use basic economic concepts helps individuals perform adequately as producers.
consumers, and investors. And for our nation, if a majority of citizens understand and can utilize economics in their daily lives, it would lead to a more prosperous economy. Thus learning economics is beneficial for both individuals and the country, and basic economics should be part of the reauired school curriculum.
In my opinion, we should not include basic economics in the required school curriculum. For students not majoring in economics, they have limited time and energy for economics courses. It would be beneficial if students get to know some basic principles of
economics. But their primary focus should be on their maiors. They can learn about
 

economics in their spare time if they are interested. So I am not in favor of the idea of including basic economics in the required school curriculum
Language focus Words in use 1)
amplifying assimilate 3)intrinsic 4)entail 5)commodity 6)mentality 7)envisage 8)allocated 9)equity 10)ambiguous
Expressions in use 1) in
2) on 3) in 4)in; with 5)into; in 6)off 7) in 8) to
Sentence structure Task 1
1) so we ended up seeing a different one
2) you might end up getting something you don' t need
3)but end up being annoying when they are put into practice
Task 2
1)What if it rained and we were in the middle of a field with no umbrella?
2)What if you were late for school because your car broke down on your way there? 3)What if you succeeded beyond your wildest dreams?
Collocation Practicing 1)alling
2)harply 3)imaginable 4)tuation 5)onomic 6)lump 7) enant 8)iction 9)chasing 10)
ower 11) rther 12)
creases 13)
term 14)employment 15)astic 16)
osses
 

17)ployment
18)ectrum 19)nking 20)nances 21)sure 22)utures 23)aily 24)tress 25)gative 26)uity Section C
Stories of China Understanding
Task 1 1) A
2) A 3) B
Task 2
1）从共享单车到共享汽车，中国的共享经济现在已经席卷到图书行业。
2）搭上共享经济的风尚可能会吸引年轻人先回归书店，并帮助他们养成阅读习惯。3）不少人认为，图书共享是图书行业的一次新商业尝试，公众应该给它一个机会。Translation
Translation
Task 1
Nowadays, China has pursued a more proactive strategy of opening up. It has worked to build a globally-oriented network of high-standard free trade areas and accelerated the development of pilot free trade zones and the Hainan Free Trade Port. China has become a major trading partner for more than 140 countries and regions, and a major destination for global investment and a leading country in outbound investment. In the future, China will continue to promote high-standard opening up, improve the quality and level of trade and investment cooperation, and accelerate China's transformation into a trader of quality.
Task 2
1）世界贸易组织成立于1995年1月1日，旨在监督和促进国际贸易自由化。该组织负责对其成员之间的贸易进行调控，为贸易协定的谈判和形成制定框架，并提供争端解决机制以敦促其成员遵守世贸协定，而这些协定皆为各成员的代表所签署且获得其立法机构的批准。每一个申请者加入世贸组织的过程各不相同，加入的条件取决于其经济发展的阶段和现行贸易体制。中国在2001年12月11日成为世贸组织成员国，是在经历了漫长的谈判，并按要求对中国经济作出重大改变之后才得以加入的，这也意味着中国经济能更深入地融入到世界经济中。中国加入世贸组织是一项巨大的多边成果，而对中国而言，这也标志着其致力于多边贸易的明确承诺。
Unit review Unit test Unit test
Vocabulary 1) A
2)B 3) D 4)C 5)B 6) A 7) D
 

8)C
9) A 10) B 11) A 12)C 13)D 14)C 15)B
Banked cloze 1)unpredictable 2)beforehand 3)severe 4)advancements 5)represented 6)boom 7)warning 8)unlike 9)soften 10) feedback
Reading 1) B
2)D 3) A 4)B 5) A
Translation
1）在过去的十年里，中国在推动一带一路倡议的高质量发展方面取得了重要进步。一带一路倡议已经成为一个广为认可的平台，积极推进健康、绿色、数字丝绸之路建设，从而刺激了全球经济增长。中国与一带一路国家之间在贸易和投资方面的合作促进了资源的有效分配，加速了产业和供应链的增长，并为建设开放型世界经济注入更多活力。例如，中国与一带一路国家建立了经济贸易合作区，为当地人民创造就业岗位超40万个。在一带一路倡议的框架下，已经建设了一系列基础设施项目，包括与当地民生息息相关的项目，比如医院和学校。展望未来，中国将拓宽合作领域，加强可持续基础设施项目的建设，推动绿色发展，促进经济和贸易交流。此外，中方还将继续促进与一带一路国家之间的文化交流，增进相互理解。
2) The application of digital technology can help enterprises reduce costs and improve quality and efficiency. In China, digital technology is empowering all walks of life, injecting strong momentum into the high-quality development of the economy and society. As of 2022. the scale of China's digital economy has reached 50. 2 trillion vuan. ranking second in the world for several consecutive years, and is becoming the most innovative, fastest-growing, and most influential field in China. China has over one billion netizens and ranks first in the world in terms of e-commerce transaction volume. At the same time. China has accelerated its pace of self-reliance and self-improvement in science and technology within the Internet and information fields. The rule of law in cyberspace has been continuously improved, marking new strides toward building China into a country with strong cyber strength.
 
